RUM-462 / RUM-1964 add OTel support (#72)
DataDog/dd-sdk-roku: README.md

For example, here's how to do a `GetToString` call:

```brightscript
    validHosts = {}

>     validHosts["example.com"] = "tracecontext" ' add tracing to requests to "example.com" urls using W3C's traceparentd header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    validHosts["example.com"] = "tracecontext" ' add tracing for requests to "example.com" URLs using W3C's traceparent header
```
